force-app/main/default/lwc/datatable/README.md, before:

# datatable
## Description
Takes as input an sObject and an array of fields and populates a datatable with records from the database.

### Fields: 

    {
        fieldName,
        searchable (defaults to true on text fields),
        sortable (defaults to true),
        visible (defaults to true)
    }

### Row Actions:
Contains a label and a callback that does something with the selected row. The callback should take an input of a row object and return a promise. If the return value is `false` the row will be deleted from the datatable, otherwise the row will be updated with return value of the promise (if there is one).

    {
        label,
        callback
    }


## Properties
Name | Type |Read only | Required | Description | Default value
---|---|---|---|---|---
`s-object`|string||✔| name of Salesforce object
`fields`|array||✔|fields to display. Optionally a comma separated list of fields
`sorted-by`|string||✔|field to sort table by
`sorted-direction`|string|||`asc` or `desc`|`asc`
`filter`|string|||string to filter by - excluding the where clause. e.g. `Name='Bob' AND Total_Donations__c > 1000`
`search`|string|||text to search in all searchable text fields
`row-actions`|array or function|||array of row actions to display on each row. optionally a function which takes as input the rwo of the datable and returns an array of row actions
`hide-checkbox-column`|boolean|||hide checkboxes from table (disable row selection)
`enable-infinite-loading`|boolean|||automatically load more records when user reaches the end of the datatable|`false`
`records-per-batch`|integer|||number of records to load when the end of the datable is reached|`50`
`initial-records`|integer|||number of records to load initially|`this.recordsPerBatch`
`selected-rows`|array|✔||array of selected IDs from datatable
`query`|string|✔||generated query string used to retrieve data
`record-count`|integer|✔||total number of records returned by current query

## Methods
Name | Parameters | Return |  Description 
---|---|---|---
`refresh`|||refresh the data in the datatable using the current fields and filters
`clearSelection`|||clear all selected rows

## Events
Name|Detail|Bubbles
---|---|---
`rowselection`| `{ selectedRows }`
`loaddata`| `{ recordCount, sortedDirection, sortedBy }`

Commit message:

add option to make datatable editable TODO: nontext

force-app/main/default/lwc/datatable/README.md, after:

# datatable
## Description
Takes as input an sObject and an array of fields and populates a datatable with records from the database.

### Fields: 

    {
        fieldName,
        searchable (defaults to true on text fields),
        sortable (defaults to true),
        visible (defaults to true),
        editable (defaults to table setting),
    }

### Row Actions:
Contains a label and a callback that does something with the selected row. The callback should take an input of a row object and return a promise. If the return value is `false` the row will be deleted from the datatable, otherwise the row will be updated with return value of the promise (if there is one).

    {
        label,
        callback
    }


## Properties
Name | Type |Read only | Required | Description | Default value
---|---|---|---|---|---
`s-object`|string||✔| name of Salesforce object
`fields`|array||✔|fields to display. Optionally a comma separated list of fields
`sorted-by`|string||✔|field to sort table by
`sorted-direction`|string|||`asc` or `desc`|`asc`
`editable`|boolean|||make the entire table editable (by default). this can also be set on the field level|`false`
`filter`|string|||string to filter by - excluding the where clause. e.g. `Name='Bob' AND Total_Donations__c > 1000`
`search`|string|||text to search in all searchable text fields
`row-actions`|array or function|||array of row actions to display on each row. optionally a function which takes as input the rwo of the datable and returns an array of row actions
`hide-checkbox-column`|boolean|||hide checkboxes from table (disable row selection)
`enable-infinite-loading`|boolean|||automatically load more records when user reaches the end of the datatable|`false`
`records-per-batch`|integer|||number of records to load when the end of the datable is reached|`50`
`initial-records`|integer|||number of records to load initially|`this.recordsPerBatch`
`selected-rows`|array|✔||array of selected IDs from datatable
`query`|string|✔||generated query string used to retrieve data
`record-count`|integer|✔||total number of records returned by current query

## Methods
Name | Parameters | Return |  Description 
---|---|---|---
`refresh`|||refresh the data in the datatable using the current fields and filters
`clearSelection`|||clear all selected rows

## Events
Name|Detail|Bubbles
---|---|---
`rowselection`| `{ selectedRows }`
`loaddata`| `{ recordCount, sortedDirection, sortedBy }`
