README.md, before:

# SFDX App

_No warranty is provided, express or implied_

[Install unlocked package](https://login.salesforce.com/packaging/installPackage.apexp?p0=04t6g000003fpyYAAQ) version 0.2.0-0

## Release Notes
### 0.2.0-0
- Add option to create a record from a related list
### 0.1.0-2
- Add option to edit related list inline


## Dev, Build and Test

To setup, clone the repository locally, and from the home directory run `$ yarn`.

To test lwc components locally run `$ yarn:test` with sfdx installed.

To deploy authorize a dev hub in sfdx and run `$ sfdx force:org:create -f config/project-scratch-def.json -a MyScratchOrg` followed by `$ sfdx force:source:push -u MyScratchOrg`


## Resources

## Description of Files and Directories

### [datatable](force-app/main/default/lwc/datatable)
Takes as input an sObject and an array of fields and populates a datatable with records from the database.

### [Custom Related List](force-app/main/default/lwc/relatedList)
Related list for use on lightning app and record pages. Choose object, fields, etc.
![](resources/datatable/demo.gif)

## Issues

Commit message:

add field info for relatedlist to readme

README.md, after:

# SFDX App

_No warranty is provided, express or implied_

[Install unlocked package](https://login.salesforce.com/packaging/installPackage.apexp?p0=04t6g000003fpyYAAQ) version 0.2.0-0

## Release Notes
### 0.2.0-0
- Add option to create a record from a related list
### 0.1.0-2
- Add option to edit related list inline


## Dev, Build and Test

To setup, clone the repository locally, and from the home directory run `$ yarn`.

To test lwc components locally run `$ yarn:test` with sfdx installed.

To deploy authorize a dev hub in sfdx and run `$ sfdx force:org:create -f config/project-scratch-def.json -a MyScratchOrg` followed by `$ sfdx force:source:push -u MyScratchOrg`


## Resources

## Description of Files and Directories

### [datatable](force-app/main/default/lwc/datatable)
Takes as input an sObject and an array of fields and populates a datatable with records from the database.

### [Custom Related List](force-app/main/default/lwc/relatedList)
Related list for use on lightning app and record pages. Choose object, fields, etc.

Fields accepts a comma separated list of fields, or a JSON list with field information. For more documentation see [datatable](force-app/main/default/lwc/datatable)
![](resources/datatable/demo.gif)

## Issues
